README.md, before:

# Open Sourced Cydia Tweaks by iKilledAppl3
 
 I decided to open source some of my tweaks.

 To help those who want to learn how tweaks work or how I made mine.

#TWEAKS:
Xenok
Mousai(iOS 8.4)
Mousai2(iOS 9+)


#IMPORTANT
others can be found on the ToxicAppl3 Inc. Team Organization repo 

I know Xenok's code is bad I have improved over time... :P 

Mousai was a huge success so I decided to open source it so others can benefit from it.

Mousai2 is also now open sourced due to the lack of me having the time and a a jailbroken device to compile it on and since I couldn't release it on BigBoss and it's home is mousai2.ikilledappl3.tk/ I figured why not let others have a shot in making other tweaks out of it. 
For those who want to use a tweak that manages your music... Why not use MusicMod instead? 
Mousai2 was also going to have a Spotify functionality but I didn't feel like making a competitor to BdaySpotify since that tweak deserves to have recoginiton. And the code for Spotify is commented but feel free to do whatever you want with the code just credit me! :)

Idraulico is a tweak I created to get rid of annoying ads on the Super Jungle World Game.

#License

Copyright 2015-2016 iKilledAppl3 & ToxicAppl3 Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Please give credit to the original author if you use any code of the software that is open sourced through this repository.

#ENJOY!

Commit message:

Open sourced another tweak
I open sourced a badly coded tweak maybe I shouldn’t have tried to
replicate this ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

README.md, after:

# Open Sourced Cydia Tweaks by iKilledAppl3
 
 I decided to open source some of my tweaks.

 To help those who want to learn how tweaks work or how I made mine.

#TWEAKS:
Xenok
Mousai(iOS 8.4)
Mousai2(iOS 9+)


#IMPORTANT
others can be found on the ToxicAppl3 Inc. Team Organization repo 

I know Xenok's code is bad I have improved over time... :P 

Mousai was a huge success so I decided to open source it so others can benefit from it.

Mousai2 is also now open sourced due to the lack of me having the time and a a jailbroken device to compile it on and since I couldn't release it on BigBoss and it's home is mousai2.ikilledappl3.tk/ I figured why not let others have a shot in making other tweaks out of it. 
For those who want to use a tweak that manages your music... Why not use MusicMod instead? 
Mousai2 was also going to have a Spotify functionality but I didn't feel like making a competitor to BdaySpotify since that tweak deserves to have recoginiton. And the code for Spotify is commented but feel free to do whatever you want with the code just credit me! :)

Idraulico is a tweak I created to get rid of annoying ads on the Super Jungle World Game.

BlurSpring a tweak that I planned on making but the code doesn't work so i open sourced it for fun :P I am too lazy to fix the code so here....

#License

Copyright 2015-2016 iKilledAppl3 & ToxicAppl3 Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Please give credit to the original author if you use any code of the software that is open sourced through this repository.

#ENJOY!
